content/author/admin/_index.md, before:

+++
# Display name
name = "Nelson Bighetti"

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser = true

# Role/position
role = "Professor of Artificial Intelligence"

# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations = [ { name = "Stanford University", url = "" } ]

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter."

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email = ""

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests = [
  "Artificial Intelligence",
  "Computational Linguistics",
  "Information Retrieval"
]

# List qualifications (such as academic degrees)
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in Artificial Intelligence"
  institution = "Stanford University"
  year = 2012

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MEng in Artificial Intelligence"
  institution = "Massachusetts Institute of Technology"
  year = 2009

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc in Artificial Intelligence"
  institution = "Massachusetts Institute of Technology"
  year = 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
#
# Icon pack "fab" includes the following social network icons:
#
#   twitter, weibo, linkedin, github, facebook, pinterest, google-plus,
#   youtube, instagram, soundcloud
#
#   For email icon, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and
#   "mailto:your@email.com" as the link.
#
#   Full list: https://fontawesome.com/icons
#
# Icon pack "ai" includes the following academic icons:
#
#   cv, google-scholar, arxiv, orcid, researchgate, mendeley
#
#   Full list: https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/

[[social]]
  icon = "envelope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  link = "#contact"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
  icon = "twitter"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen"

[[social]]
  icon = "google-scholar"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ"

[[social]]
  icon = "github"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://github.com/gcushen"

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# [[social]]
#   icon = "cv"
#   icon_pack = "ai"
#   link = "files/cv.pdf"

+++

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

sync Academic v4 (list_format -> view)

content/author/admin/_index.md, after:

+++
# Display name
name = "Nelson Bighetti"

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser = true

# Role/position
role = "Professor of Artificial Intelligence"

# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations = [ { name = "Stanford University", url = "" } ]

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter."

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email = ""

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests = [
  "Artificial Intelligence",
  "Computational Linguistics",
  "Information Retrieval"
]

# List qualifications (such as academic degrees)
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in Artificial Intelligence"
  institution = "Stanford University"
  year = 2012

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MEng in Artificial Intelligence"
  institution = "Massachusetts Institute of Technology"
  year = 2009

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc in Artificial Intelligence"
  institution = "Massachusetts Institute of Technology"
  year = 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.

[[social]]
  icon = "envelope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  link = "#contact"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
  icon = "twitter"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen"

[[social]]
  icon = "google-scholar"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ"

[[social]]
  icon = "github"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://github.com/gcushen"

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# [[social]]
#   icon = "cv"
#   icon_pack = "ai"
#   link = "files/cv.pdf"

+++

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.
