---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "Software for Cloud Computing"
summary: ""
authors: ["kohei-ichikawa"]
tags: ["Cloud"]
categories: []
date: 2020-02-17T13:20:39+09:00

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""
---

Recently, in the rapidly emerging cloud computing technology, dynamically and
automatically constructing as well as allocating computing environment by
virtualizing computing resource based on software technology has been
gathering attentions. In our research, we aim at manipulating computing
resource by utilizing software technique. Specifically, Software Defined
Networking (SDN) which is a software-based networking-control technique is in
our main focus. Based on SDN, we hope to extend and advance software
techniques that can support cloud computing-related technologies such as Cloud
Gaming, Big Data Analysis, Machine Learning, IoT and etc.

## Our Current Research topics

### Software Defined Networking (SDN)

By using software techniques to virtualize computation resource, virtual
machine technologies that can dynamically and automatically construct or
allocate computer environment have been established. With the rising
popularity of open source softwares such as KVN and Xen, or commercial product
such as VMware, everyone can construct their own cloud environment by using
the above infrastructure softwares. On the other hand,  the virtualization of
network is gaining attention. If network can be also configured and allocated
automatically and dynamically based on software, we can provide users with a
network that corresponds to their requirements. Furthermore, by integrating
such network with cloud computer, we can construct more optimized computer
environment. As a concept of technology to implement such environment,  the
idea of Software Defined Networking (SDN) is being proposed in recent years.
As we can acknowledge from the name, SDN refers to defining network by using
software. In SDN, the concept of Programmable Networking is being proposed and
it aims at building an environment that makes network programmable.


In this lab, we are leading PRAGMA-ENT (Experimental Network Testbed), which
is an international project for building and applying demonstration-purposed
network that evaluates SDN research ideas in a distributed worldwide
large-scale network environment. Therefore, students can directly apply their
ideas in such international network environments to perform analysis and
evaluations. For details please visit the [project
website](http://github.com/pragmagrid/pragma_ent/wiki).

### Research for Application-aware Routing

In recent years, thanks to the versatility of network, we have thousands of
applications that provide wide-range of services such as video streaming,
web-browsing, chatting, SNS and etc. However, current network routing design
is not optimized for coping with applications because it is only determined by
the sender and the receiver. Therefore, the routing cannot be considered as
efficient. Application-aware routing is to develop techniques that utilize SDN
technology to determine the optimal path for applications. Please click
[here](/en/project/overseer) for details．

### Research for Multipath Routing

In a network, multiple paths, including the alternative ones, usually exist
between a sender and a receiver. However, current network routing is not able
to exploit multiple paths simultaneously, which means an application can only
choose one single path for the transmission. The technology of Multipath
Routing aims at maximizing the performance of network by distributing multiple
TCP transmissions generated by an application into multiple different routes.
As the approaches to achieve multiple TCP transmissions, we apply MPTCP
technique which is at the level of OS’s TCP transmission library. Furthermore,
we also perform multiple TCP transmission at application level by implementing
our own application. For more details, please click
[here](/en/project/openflow-gridftp) and [here](/en/project/openflow-mptcp)．

### Research for Monitoring and Analyzing Network based on SDN Technology

By applying SDN technology, it becomes possible to monitor network in greater
details. In order to realize Application-aware Routing mentioned in previous
session, it is necessary to understand more details about the property of
transmission carried out by an application and how it conducts such
transmission. In this research, by applying machine learning technique such as
deep learning to analyze and classify large-scale packet capture database,  we
aim at developing SDN-based approaches that can efficiently classify
transmissions of applications in network.

### Software Engineering for SDN

Based on the concept of Programmable Networking, software plays an important
role in the network that can be controlled by program. Even though the
techniques that are fostered in the field of software engineering have been
applied in the program which implements SDN, the corresponding environment is
not yet sufficiently organized. Therefore, from the perspective of software
engineering, this research aims at developing approaches that make the
development of program for SDN more efficient.

### Research for Cloud Gaming

Besides the increasing popularity of cloud-based storage and computation
service, the utilization of cloud in practical service also benefits
entertainment-related business to move their products to cloud-based. Among
them, cloud gaming is a new entertainment service that executes games on cloud
server. Therefore, by merely connecting to network, cloud gaming allows users
to play games with high-quality graphics at anytime in anywhere. In this
research, by improving the performance of cloud gaming,  we aim at developing
a framework that can improve graphics quality. Furthermore, based on the same
technology, we try to facilitate cloud-based VR gaming experience. Please
click [here](/en/project/cloud-gaming) for details.
